Add some capabilities for the builtin functions (#457)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/registry.md

    let $obj = {$object :noun case=nominative}
    {You see {$color :adjective article=indefinite accord=$obj} {$obj}!}

## Built-in Registry

> As hinted in the example above, implementations may <!-- FIXME: may vs should --> provide built-in functions to their users in order to perform common operations in a standardized manner instead of having to rely on custom functions for everything. The working group agrees that these builtins provided by implementations should expose the following capabilities to their users:

Reviewer: The default registry will contain function signatures that every implementation is **_required_** to provide. So this is neither MAY nor SHOULD: it is MUST.

Note that RFC2119 keywords MUST be capitalized.

You should think of this document as being part of the specification. This section shouldn't refer to "the working group" or what our thoughts are. Adopt the point of view of an implementer ("what do I have to do here?") or a user ("how do I use this?")

```suggestion
The **_<dfn>built-in registry</dfn>_** is the set of _functions_, together with
their options, that are present in every implementation.
Implementations MUST provide each of the built-in functions defined in the 
_built-in registry_, including all of the options.
They MAY include additional options, although implementers are cautioned to
avoid options which might conflict with future standardization.

These include the following capabilities:
```

Reviewer: Please provide line breaks.

* Ability to format the following types of data in a locale-sensitive manner:
    * Dates and times
    * Numbers
    * Lists

> * Ability to select for the following types of information in a locale-sensitive manner:

Reviewer: A key thing about selectors: they select between different pattern strings. Perhaps:

```suggestion
* Ability to select between pattern strings in a locale-sensitive way based on:
* ```

>     * Plural rules

Reviewer: The "basic" or default selector (whose name we are discussing in #433) is what ICU4J calls `SelectFormat`. That should be listed here.

Try to make a list of items that could be selectors. Maybe start by making a _long_ list of everything and we can try to triage the list by crossing things out (rather than trying to remember if we decided not to include it... 😉). My back of envelope for selectors would maybe look like:

* select/equals (string/value equality; can be used to build things like a poor person's gender selector)
* plural
* ordinal

Potentially below the line:
* grammatical gender
* case
* date/time query (before/after/has-field-value)
* choice (see Java's `ChoiceFormat`)

>     * Gender

Reviewer: Probably not gender in this version. This is not yet standardized in CLDR and there is a question about whether to also handle grammatical case.

> The co-located `registry.xml` file aims to define such a set of built-in functions, inspired by the design of the ICU4X and JavaScript's ECMA-402 APIs.

Reviewer: This belongs in the design doc. Note that compatibility with MF1 in ICU4J/Java is kind of important here as well.
